/2y1zl - awww, that's a bummer. you shoulda got david carr of third day to do it. ;d
is upset that he can't update his facebook by texting it... and might cry as a result school today also. blah!
i dived many times for the ball. managed to save 50% the rest go out of bounds
my whole body feels itchy and like its on fire 
no, it's not behaving at all. i'm mad. why am i here? because i can't see you all over there. 
not the whole crew 
need a hug 
hey long time no see! yes.. rains a bit ,only a bit lol , i'm fine thanks , how's you ?
nope they didn't have it 
que me muera ? 
spring break in plain city... it's snowing 
i just re-pierced my ears 
i couldn't bear to watch it. and i thought the ua loss was embarrassing . . . . .
it it counts, idk why i did either. you never talk to me anymore 
i would've been the first, but i didn't have a gun. not really though, zac snyder's just a doucheclown.
i wish i got to watch it with you!! i miss you andhow was the premiere?!
hollis' death scene will hurt me severely to watch on film wry is directors cut not out now?
about to file taxes 
ahh ive always wanted to see rent love the soundtrack!!
oh dear. were you drinking out of the forgotten table drinks? 
i was out most of the day so didn't get much done 
one of my friend called me, and asked to meet with her at mid valley today...but i've no time *sigh* 
i baked you a cake but i ated it 
this week is not going as i had hoped 
blagh class at 8 tomorrow 
i hate when i have to call and wake people up 
just going to cry myself to sleep after watching marley and me. 
im sad now miss.lilly
ooooh.... lol that leslie.... and ok i won't do it again so leslie won't get mad again 
meh... almost lover is the exception... this track gets me depressed every time. 
some1 hacked my account on aim now i have to make a new one
i want to go to promote gear and groove but unfornately no ride there i may b going to the one in anaheim in may though
thought sleeping in was an option tomorrow but realizing that it now is not. evaluations in the morning and work in the afternoon! 
awe i love you too!!!! 1 am here i miss you
i cry my asian eyes to sleep at night 
ok i'm sick and spent an hour sitting in the shower cause i was too sick to stand and held back the puke like a champ. bed now 
ill tell ya the story later not a good day and ill be workin for like three more hours...
sorry! bed time came here (gmt+1) /fnge
i don't either. its depressing. i don't think i even want to know about the kids in suitcases. 
bed. class 8-12. work 12-3. gym 3-5 or 6. then class 6-10. another day that's gonna fly by. i miss my girlfriend 
really don't feel like getting up today... but got to study to for tomorrows practical exam... 
he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar the only one who has enough of me to break my heart 
sad, sad, sad. i don't know why but i hate this feeling i wanna sleep and i still can't!
awww i soo wish i was there to see you finally comfortable! im sad that i missed it 
falling asleep. just heard about that tracy girl's body being found. how sad my heart breaks for that family.
yay! i'm happy for you with your job! but that also means less time for me and you... 
just checked my user timeline on my blackberry, it looks like the twanking is still happening are ppl still having probs w/ bgs and uids?
oh man...was ironing's fave top to wear to a meeting. burnt it 
is strangely sad about lilo and samro breaking up. 
oh! i'm so sorry i didn't think about that before retweeting.
broadband plan 'a massive broken promise'/dcuc33 via www.diigo.com/~tautao still waiting for broadband we are 
wow, tons of replies from you, may have to unfollow so i can see my friends' tweets, you're scrolling the feed a lot. 
our duck and chicken are taking wayyy too long to hatch 
put vacation photos online a few yrs ago. pc crashed, and now i forget the name of the site. 
i need a hug 
not sure what they are, only that they are pos! as much as i want to, i dont think can trade away company assets sorry andy! 
i hate when that happens... 
i have a sad feeling that dallas is not going to show up i gotta say though, you'd think more shows would use music from the game. mmm
ugh....92 degrees tomorrow 
where did u move to? i thought u were already in sd. ?? hmmm. random u found me. glad to hear yer doing well.
i miss my ps3, it's out of commission wutcha playing? have you copped 'blood on the sand'?
just leaving the parking lot of work! 
the life is cool. but not for me. 
sadly though, i've never gotten to experience the post coitus cigarette before, and now i never will. 
i had such a nice day. too bad the rain comes in tomorrow at 5am 
too bad i won't be around i lost my job and can't even pay my phone bill lmao aw shucks 
damm back to school tomorrow 
mo jobs, no money. how in the hell is min wage here 4 f'n clams an hour?
not forever... see you soon!
agreed, i saw the failwhale allllll day today. 
oh! haha... dude i dont really look at em unless someone says hey i added you. sorry i'm so terrible at that. i need a pop up!
i'm sure you're right... i need to start working out with you and the nikster... or jared at least!
i really hate how people diss my bands! trace is clearly not ugly!
gym attire today was: puma singlet, adidas shorts.......and black business socks and leather shoes lucky did not run into any cute girls.
why won't you show my location?! /2y2es
no picnic my phone smells like citrus.
my donkey is sensitive about such comments. nevertheless, he'd (and me'd) be glad to see your mug asap. charger is still awol. 
no new csi tonight. fml
i think my arms are sore from tennis 
wonders why someone that u like so much can make you so unhappy in a split seccond . depressed . 
sleep soon... i just hate saying bye and see you tomorrow for the night. 
just got ur newsletter, those fares really are unbelievable, shame i already booked and paid for mine 
missin' the boo 
me too itm
damn... i don't have any chalk! my chalkboard is useless 
had a blast at the getty villa, but hates that she's had a sore throat all day. it's just getting worse too 
hey missed ya at the meeting sup mama
my tummy hurts. i wonder if the hypnosis has anything to do with it? if so, it's working, i get it, stop smoking!!!
why is it always the fat ones?! 
sorry, babe!! my fam annoys me too. thankfully, they're asleep right now. muahaha. *evil laugh*
i should have paid more attention when we covered photoshop in my webpage design class in undergrad 
wednesday my b-day! don't know what 2 do!! 
poor cameron (the hills) 
pray for me please, the ex is threatening to start sh** at my/our babies 1st birthday party. what a jerk. and i still have a headache 
hmm , do u really enjoy being with him ? if the problems are too constants u should think things more , find someone ulike
strider is a sick little puppy .com/dogbook/profile/view/5248435
so rylee,grace...wana go steve's party or not?? sadly since its easter i wnt b able 2 do much but ohh well.....
hey, i actually won one of my bracket pools! too bad it wasn't the one for money 
you don't follow me, either and i work for you!
a bad nite for the favorite teams: astros and spartans lose. the nite out with t.w. was good.
